README.md, before:

# improbable-access

Contrary to what one might believe, a userscript to improve the screen reader accessibility of [Improbable Island](https://improbableisland.com/).

## Installing

To install this userscript, you will need a userscript manager, such as [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey (Firefox only)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)

Once you've installed the corresponding web extension, you can click below to install Improbable Access in your browser. This link will also work in-place for script updates.

[Install Improbable Access](https://github.com/distantorigin/improbable-access/raw/main/Improbable-Access.user.js)

## Features

The following is an exhaustive but potentially incomplete list of features introduced by Improbable Access:

* Add a heading before navigation sections on all pages for quickly getting to actionable items.
* Enclose all navigation sections in unordered lists.
* Hide navigation headers from screen readers and replace them with aria-labels, resulting in the label appearing at the top of the list rather than on its own line.
* Add headings for chat (if present).
* Properly label the chat input field.
* Add current hitpoints to the page title when in battle.
* Make the "Hunger" stat value accessible to screen readers.
* Add some accessible labels to various links:
    * Donate link

## Disclaimer

I am, by any stretch of the imagination, quite new to Improbable Island. As a result, I disclaim myself from anything listed below:

1. Not developing features that might make sense later on in the game. I'm going to build the script as I continue playing, which means a lot of it might unintentionally be written for a newbie's ideal gameplay, not an older player.
2. I don't know what's going on. I'm new. That's it. If I do something dumb, that's why. Please tell me and I'll try to fix or patch the script as soon as I can.
3. Abandoning the script. I've been playing Improbable Island for two whole days, so I dare say I may move on, get tired of it, get bored, or a combination of all three. Feel free to fork Improbable Access and make your own updates as needed.

Commit message:

Add a cautionary note about using the correct skin.

README.md, after:

# improbable-access

Contrary to what one might believe, a userscript to improve the screen reader accessibility of [Improbable Island](https://improbableisland.com/).

## Installing

To install this userscript, you will need a userscript manager, such as [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey (Firefox only)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)

Once you've installed the corresponding web extension, you can click below to install Improbable Access in your browser. This link will also work in-place for script updates.

**Note**: For the userscript to work properly, you must be using the Desktop skin. You can check if this is  set by going to Preferences > Display Preferences.

[Install Improbable Access](https://github.com/distantorigin/improbable-access/raw/main/Improbable-Access.user.js)

## Features

The following is an exhaustive but potentially incomplete list of features introduced by Improbable Access:

* Add a heading before navigation sections on all pages for quickly getting to actionable items.
* Enclose all navigation sections in unordered lists.
* Hide navigation headers from screen readers and replace them with aria-labels, resulting in the label appearing at the top of the list rather than on its own line.
* Add headings for chat (if present).
* Properly label the chat input field.
* Add current hitpoints to the page title when in battle.
* Make the "Hunger" stat value accessible to screen readers.
* Add some accessible labels to various links:
    * Donate link

## Disclaimer

I am, by any stretch of the imagination, quite new to Improbable Island. As a result, I disclaim myself from anything listed below:

1. Not developing features that might make sense later on in the game. I'm going to build the script as I continue playing, which means a lot of it might unintentionally be written for a newbie's ideal gameplay, not an older player.
2. I don't know what's going on. I'm new. That's it. If I do something dumb, that's why. Please tell me and I'll try to fix or patch the script as soon as I can.
3. Abandoning the script. I've been playing Improbable Island for two whole days, so I dare say I may move on, get tired of it, get bored, or a combination of all three. Feel free to fork Improbable Access and make your own updates as needed.
